<h3>String.prototype.includes() - A Handy Alternative to RegEx.test() and RegEx.replace() </h3>

Whilst I was still getting familiar with RegEx I found .includes() extremely useful.

It's capabilities go beyond what MDN and w3schools' definitions suggest. "This method lets you determine whether or not a string includes another string."

General syntax:       ```       string.includes(searchvalue,start)       ```

Example:
```javascript
var str = "Hello world, welcome to codingforeveryone.";
var n = str.includes("world", 12);
```
The string contains "world" after position 12 hence n returns ```false```. 

<h4>The Good Part</h4>

If used differently, .includes() can be used to search a string for <strong>multiple</strong> single characters. This can be done by creating an array which includes all the characters you wish to search for and then using an if statement inside a for loop. 

```javascript
var vowels = ["A","a","E","e","I","i", "O", "o", "U", "u"];
var string = "Hello world!";
for(var i = 0; i < string.length; i++){                             ---> "Hll wrld!"
  if (vowels.includes(string[i])) {
    string= string.replace(string[i], "");
  }
}
```
The for loop scans the string and the if statement executes when that position in the string contains <strong>any character inside our array</strong>. 

The scope is large as: 
<ol>
<li> We can enter as many character into our array we wish to search for. </li>
<li>We can also create multiple arrays of 'searchvalues' with extended if statements in order to perform different actions on different classes of characters. </li>
</ol>
Note: If we want to perform an action all characters <i>excluded</i> from this array... we simple use ```!``` to reverse the condition.
```javascript  
if (!vowels.includes(string[i])) 
```

<h4>Kata Training</h4>
Here's a Kata in which you can give it a try! You'll be making many nested if statements but thats good practise right? :)
http://www.codewars.com/kata/5751fef5dcc1079ac5001cff/train/javascript

<h4>Reference</h4>
https://developer.mozilla.org/en/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String/includes

All contributions and amendments welcome! 
